{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 AppleSymbols;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Section 2 Text Strings\
\pard\pardeftab920\sa60\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 Using a Wildcard\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 how it that so hot?\
\pard\pardeftab920\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Escaping Metacharacters\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 This could be the final word.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 Section 3: Working with Character Sets\
\pard\pardeftab920\sa60\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 Using Character Sets\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 Make the outline for the square gray and the fill for the circle grey.\
\pard\pardeftab920\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Specifying a Range in a Character Set\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 There have been 4 - 5 times I have tried, but I will try it again.\
\pard\pardeftab920\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Excluding a Character Set\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 Exception 0xF89F\
abcdefghijklmnop\
\pard\pardeftab920\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Using Shorthands for Character Sets\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 A string that contains numbers (12345)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A second line _ (12345)			3 Tabs.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 Section 4: Using Repetition in Regular Expressions\
\pard\pardeftab920\sa60\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 Using Repetition in Your Patterns\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 She sells seashells on a seashore. The shells she sells are seashells, I\'92m sure.\
Steve Normal Jeff amanda Sherry\
\pard\pardeftab920\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Understanding Greediness and Laziness in Regular Expressions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 <p>This is the first paragraph.</p><p>Paragraph number two.</p>\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0
\cf2 <p>This is the first paragraph.</p><p>Paragraph number two.</p>\
\pard\pardeftab920\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Specifying a Repetition Amount\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 My telephone number is as follows: 801-555-6789.\
#ff0000  #C0C0C0 these are hex numbers\
529-66-9898\
\pard\pardeftab920\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Revisiting Greedy and Lazy Concepts\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 32-6678, 45-668778, 65-454\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 Section 5: Using Anchored Expressions\
\pard\pardeftab920\sa60\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 Using Start and End Anchors\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 The dot is a very powerful regex metacharacter. It allows you to be lazy. Put in a dot, and everything matches just fine when you test the regex on valid data. The problem is that the regex also matches in cases where it should not match. If you are new to regular expressions, some of these cases may not be so obvious at first.\
\pard\pardeftab920\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Using the Multi-line Flag\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 The dot is a very powerful regex metacharacter. It allows you to be lazy. Put in a dot, and everything matches just fine when you test the regex on valid data. The problem is that the regex also matches in cases where it should not match. If you are new to regular expressions, some of these cases may not be so obvious at first.\
\pard\pardeftab920\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Working with Word Boundaries\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 Inplant this idea: plan to plant multiple trees on this planet.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 Section 6: Working with Alternates and Groups\
\pard\pardeftab920\sa60\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 Specifying Options\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 Each and every Tuesday, at the beginning of the day, we hold a staff meeting. At the Tuesday staff meeting, you will need to make a report on the past weeks progress, and you will receive assignments for the following Tuesday. Just be aware that someday this Tuesday meeting might not occur. When that happens, we will make an announcement.\
\pard\pardeftab920\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Using Grouping\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 a5c3a2b1d1 a1e3a2b1a4 d5c3a2b1d1 aac3a2b1d1 a5c3a2b1d6 a5c312b1d1 d4b2a5b2d3\
Today is monday and tomorrow is tuesday and then we have wednesday.\
\pard\pardeftab920\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Using Grouping with JavaScript\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 2018/3/9\
\pard\pardeftab920\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Understanding Capturing Groups\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 yoyo\
2018-9-8\
\pard\pardeftab920\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Understanding Group Back References\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 a1c1d5c1d5b2b3d4\
<strong>This is a strong tag</strong><i>this is italic</i>\
\pard\pardeftab920\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Named Capture Groups\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 <strong>This is a strong tag</strong><i>this is italic</i>\
\pard\pardeftab920\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Using Lookahead Groups\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://allthingsjavascript.com"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 allthingsjavascript.com}}
\f1\b0\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab920\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Using Negative Lookahead Groups\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 aha0kdfjn\
\pard\pardeftab920\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Using Lookbehind Groups\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 There are 59 items for a price of $199 or \'80173.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 Section 7: Working with Unicode\
\pard\pardeftab920\sa60\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 Using Unicode Characters\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 Smith, Andrea\
\'a3\'a5\'a9\'ae\
\'93Here is a quote\'94\
\pard\pardeftab920\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Understanding ES6 Unicode Features\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs22 \cf2 \uc0\u55348 \u56606 
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 Section 8: Applying Regular Expressions\
\pard\pardeftab920\sa60\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 Matching an Email Address\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:something@domain.com"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 something@domain.com}}
\f1\b0\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab920\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Matching a Twitter Handle\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 @javascriptthing\
\pard\pardeftab920\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Testing Passwords\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 N2RN3/>zvd\
\pard\pardeftab920\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Matching a Word Next to Another Word\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 Lets put several different words together and see what we can match.\
\pard\pardeftab920\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Validating Dates\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 24/06/1966\
\pard\pardeftab920\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Validating Dates Revisited\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 24/06/1966\
\pard\pardeftab920\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Validating IP Numbers\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 25.013.55.255\
192.32.1.1\
832.26.123.5\
0.1.12.1\
255.255.255.1\
}